good morning everyone welcome to another
vlog we're in the last two weeks of term
now how crazy is that
today marks the start of week seven yes
our weeks start on Thursdays here in
Cambridge is a little bit weird but
we're going to roll with it
Tom has gone so quickly it does not feel
like we should be at this point in time
our terms are eight weeks long so that
means I'm three-quarters of the way
through and now I'm starting to stress
because I'm like yeah okay two weeks and
then it's Easter holiday woo but what
does the Easter holiday mean for me a
ton of revision so I don't know what's
better really being intern time or the
revision over the Easter holiday but you
know what we just got to keep going
exams are actually not that far off now
May June time it's not that far away so
we've got to step it up basically I'm
off to the roost this morning because I
don't have many contact hours on
Thursdays I only have one supervision
and that's only an hour long so it kind
of requires me to be self-motivated
throughout the rest of the day so I'm
actually gonna go get a coffee and cake
in the roost to like get me working
because if I do nice things while I work
clock I'll associate work with good
things that's my thinking to the roost
cafe that's the Jesus cafe then we'll go
straight to my soup oh I've got
everything with me we're going to a
Sainsbury's trip today you've got a bit
of laundry to do it's going to be a fab
day lots of little bits to do it's a
little bit chilly this morning I'm not
good I feel like a slightly misjudged
how cold it was like over the last few
days we've had a bit of a heatwave
the Sun has proper come out I've been
like is it actually fab you re it
because it's been such nice weather but
now it's starting to get cold again it
was really annoying as well because like
on the day when it was really sunny all
my friends were like seeing outside
studying I was stuck in a lab with no
windows looking at lasers all day
it was reset and now it seems the
heatwave has gone it's fine I just look
forward to summer it'll be great for now
I'm just gonna feel a bit chilly but I
refuse to take a coat out I refuse to
say that it's winter still
[Music]
okay so I'm just heading off to my
supervision now it's round the corner so
I've just left roost been quite
productive in roost which is good
[Music]
hello flock as always I'm in Sainsbury's
and I into a deer
me and I'd always come to do our
sagebrush up at one but we never see
each other normally as is always sitting
in the trip when I get back but today
things have changed to break your
routine yeah it's weird
I don't like it have your disaster can't
find any Marmite
I don't think Saints wrist sells Marmite
it's my conclusion and I wanted Marmite
on my crumpets this week is another
absolutely crazy
people don't like Marmite they love
mummery they love or they hate it it has
to be one of the two I was brought up
eating Marmite for all my school lunches
it feels very strongly about this is
what I think things but it's trying to
tell me I need a plan B what do I put on
crumpets comment down below what do I
have on crumpet not Gurkha something
tasty cuz I don't know what to put in
crumb there I'm gonna go to that
sandwich aisle again and have a look and
think of something okay so I'm now
heading back to the staircase for a
quick lunch IDI cycled back from
Sainsbury's where as I'm walking he's
probably back in the by now but
that's a good thing because when I walk
into the gym he'll be sitting there easy
as lunch as usual everything will be
restored to normal in this world because
that is the weekly meet point I come
back from Sainsbury's to find IDI eating
his lunch in the gym we are creatures of
habit we do the same thing every week
and we will just forget that we ever
bumped into each other in Sainsbury's
because that is not what happens on a
Thursday I think I might go still I BRE
this afternoon that's what I'm thinking
at the moment oh did I just feel a drop
of rain oh that's gross I do not want
rainy weather huh what is this
I want sunshine so guys I'm about to try
my crumpets perfect of variation we've
got one ham and one with mackerel pate
and I've just toasted them so let's give
it a try it's like it's edible because I
like the two things but I don't think
I'd normally have them together right
okay so maybe we won't go from I have
crude fat again but now I think how
would work well yeah ham is good ham
works
that's good research for the future yeah
anyway so that's the update for this
lunchtime and now I'm gonna pack up my
stuff and has the library because I know
I'll do focus study in the library and
I'm not so sure I will in my room
there's a tendency to get distracted
when I'm in here I've also got my
editing off my new video and I know like
every five minutes the way my Isaac
Lestrade to the iMovie page and I'm
gonna want to edit and like cuz editing
is addictive guys like I literally it's
part the reason why I do YouTube is cuz
I love editing so much it's just it's so
much fun putting the videos together and
I know that I'll prefer to do that
rather than work I'm really uh nice to
my academic work at first so we're gonna
go to the library saw that out I'm in
chapel caught at the moment I don't come
this way that much anymore because
obviously I don't live here anymore but
it is nice lovely place
hello everybody it's the evening I've
been to calf calf was actually really
good I had turkey steak had some sweet
corn on the top and what else it was on
some sort of bread stuff and there was
wedges and carrots they were good and
now I'm really full and now I'm sitting
in the chip with these guys people want
to know why I eat right guys you you I
know I mean you know switch we're
winning at this game honestly carry the
fireworks to the cannon yeah that sounds
fun hey I'm just winding down for the
evening I think I'm gonna do a little
bit of editing cuz I do enjoy a little
bit of editing it's quite fun I might
run around my room tidy a little bit I
still gotta make my bed I stripped it
this morning and was like can I be
bothered to make it again at this point
not really still haven't put the laundry
on but we'll do that tomorrow most
likely if not Saturday at some point
make bed tidy room bit of editing and
then early night for me because I put a
be up at 5:30 tomorrow morning for a
rowing outing yeah oh my god I'm so not
ready for the early wakeup tomorrow like
I had an early morning rowing outing on
Tuesday this week and let the only
reason I got through it was because I
was telling myself this is the last
early morning of turn and then I found
out we had another outing this Friday
like tomorrow
so it wasn't even the last early morning
and I was like oh it's fine you just got
to do this this last time page and then
no more early mornings for the rest of
time and so like I don't want to jinx it
now so tomorrow morning I'm not going to
say to myself this is the last early
morning of term because let's face it
it's probably not the rowing races are
all happening next week so that should
be kind of the end of it we have boat
club dinner and
that's the highlight of term when it
comes to rowing stuff so next week is
shaping up to be such a busy week you
should see my diary my diary is
literally so full of stuff for next week
I hope I make it through pray for me and
keeping up with my work
[Music]
after my rowing outing I did my regular
speed walk to lectures good afternoon
everybody
so it's a Friday afternoon and I'm just
trying to keep myself motivated for the
rest of this afternoon and then I can
have the day off tomorrow and have a
lovely time seeing my family but we've
got to keep focus this last part of the
week you know when like it's the end is
in sight thank God it's Friday and all
that but you can't finish early so
trying to still get some work done this
afternoon I obviously had lectures this
morning and my rowing outing oh that
just about killed me off you know
getting up at 5:30 this morning it was
tough it was tough guys and to be honest
it's just the nail in the coffin for me
I literally could not carry on
coaxing next term rowing outings a fun
yes I enjoy Coxon a lot but I just need
my sleep and I was stupid last night I
just I said I'd go to bed earlier but I
just did not go to bed early enough and
I know it realistically next time as
well I am gonna be staying up late I am
going to people wanting to get as much
revision as possible done I obviously
got my rowing outings and rowing races
next week but after that I'm gonna take
a break from coaxing I think because I
feel that would jeopardize my exams and
I want to get good results this year and
I feel like I'm on track to get good
results this year I just need to stay on
it just too much is on too much is on
I've got those of editing to do and we
all know I enjoy that and that's kind of
my extra curricular thing at the moment
outside of my studies oh I'm just to be
honest guys the sunrise is too early at
this time of year and the Sun just keeps
on rising earlier and I'm like that
means I have to get up earlier for these
rowing outings and it's just not on I
can't deal with it it was too early this
morning and the thing is even if I get
an early night the night before and I
had a good eight hours sleep the night
before if I have things on in the day
like labs like lectures like
supervisions when I've been up from 5:30
in the morning by the time I guess the
lunchtime
I'm tired no matter how many hours sleep
I got the night before
and I've just been up like longer I had
six and a half hours sleep last night
which is I can't run on that I have to
have more hours sleep than now but I'm
feeling okay at the moment but I know
I'm going to feel tired this evening I'm
not going to be that productive this
evening so I'm just go and get what done
this afternoon I've got a super vision
in a couple of hours time and then
that's me done but I'm gonna keep
working and I'm not going to socialize
this evening let's just hear that one
more time and I think I'm not going to
socialize this evening oh good socialize
evening okay Paige as long as you're
convinced in because I've got lots of
stuff on that the weekend next week is
looking extremely busy it's all looking
busy so yeah
[Music]
hello evening me just got back from our
super Tim is being taken against his
will to McDonald's same actually two
meals I wants to go to cap apparently
we're going to McDonald's why McDonald's
we could've choice is someone nice I
don't I'm not eating but we're going
it's gonna be nice it was Emma's
decision Nando's instead on the way out
of college the boys decided it was time
to showcase their amazing rope climbing
skills or lack thereof keep going come
on we're just on our way out of college
I'm really hungry so let's get going
come on guys I'm walking off I'm making
my way to McDonald's I need food
eventually we started making our way to
McDonald's and towards food which was
all that mattered to me just against you
we've come back and we're having
microwave cookies they are great if
you've not tried microwave cookies
before you need to Oh yum yum yum
no no no no no hurry did you wet your
tongue lesson of the day
don't mess with Paige when it comes to
cookies job it's a future I just won to
gaze at poker on the top here is the
bastrop poker in the staircase I am not
using the kids to be successful you have
to win all the time is that what you're
saying no I'm not saying that feed me
there is a good shake are you saying
that gambling is a good idea I'm not
saying that but poker is a little fun
but not one I've actually got money on
it ain't good morning everyone and I am
in the roost this morning and I'm having
a great day because my family will come
to visit me there's my grandma over
there my dad's my auntie give a wave
everyone and then my mom over here as
well it's very nice to see them and also
they've just bought me coffee and Panos
chocolate - the first time I've seen my
family in a few months last saw them on
4th of January
yeah so you know they've all miss me
very much they were like we've got to
come visit you Paige you've got family
and I was like well if you want to of
course I guess you can have I'm walking
along with my auntie I've been showing
my auntie and my grandma around college
my parents have seen it all before
mostly we've been to the shops I bought
a dress which I'm very pleased with that
I think I'm gonna wear for the physics
dinner at the end of term we're now
going for lunch I think we're gonna head
for Bill's we might go somewhere else
depending on what menus we all fancy
hello everyone I just bought some milk
for the milk coalition me
to manager share milk in the staircase
if you didn't know we basically have
power over all the milk in the staircase
and yeah now we're heading back to
college we've had a nice lunch out we've
been to Superdrug it's been great
it's very busy as you can see like
there's bikes flying everywhere there's
people walking everywhere just about
staying upright this milk is very heavy
though that's the one problem with
buying these massive milks they're so
heavy to carry so I've actually been
thinking recently though that I might
leave their milk coalition because we
have blue milk as you can see it's full
fat milk and I prefer semi skimmed milk
also I drink a lot less milk than Tim
and EJ who are also in the milk
coalition with me and so I'm not really
benefitting from this arrangement that
much and I'm wondering whether there
might be someone better in the staircase
to share milk with but I don't know how
to break it to manager because they
think the Coalition is very stable and
like we do hold all the power in the
staircase over the milk like people know
not to mess with the milk coalition
we're very strict about people stealing
milk and all that so it's a tricky
situation I'll keep you updated
hello so we're now in Nando's I'm
actually eating because I'm full
obviously I had a meal and like 4
o'clock today everyone's here hey we've
waited so long in this table hallelula
waiting about an hour it's like 8 now we
start at seven ish I was commitment to
I'm not even eating I was thinking about
getting a drink but then I was like
Ashley is overpriced I'm just gonna wait
till I get back
it is of a price boat Nando's card baby
it's you get points on a head then you
could ever get free stuff well as in
Nando's break Kela if you ever want to
know anything about Nando's just asking
I mean I always wonder the same thing so
I don't know what about the menu but I
was regular chicken butterfly
[Music]
hello so we're now at Queens so I've
just gone and got myself a roast dinner
from CAF I'm just about to tuck in I'll
speak to you later I'm so hungry
my priorities are just to eat right now
hey everyone so I'm just so tired I'm so
bored
but I'm doing work because that's what
I'm good I've got an interview tomorrow
I'm actually so nervous I'm going into
London for it and yeah I need to prepare
but I don't really have time to prepare
until later this evening because I've
got lots of work to do this afternoon
and then I've got a safety briefing for
rowing races next week my interview
tomorrow is for an actuarial internship
I'm honestly so nervous like I'm going
to their massive office and like I just
know I'm gonna feel so intimidated when
I turn up there I'm just gonna go and
give it my best shot don't I and if I
don't get it it's not the end of the
world it's just good interview practice
I think for the future as well I'm also
gonna have to miss two lectures tomorrow
morning so that I can attend this
interview which is just adding more work
because I've got to catch up those
lectures if I don't catch up those
lectures I'm just gonna get really pined
and like fancy that as decided I spent
time preparing for my interview that
evening and also planned out my travel
yeah the plan is finish off this
preparation is not going to take me too
long to be honest I'm not going to spend
too much more time why not this evening
because I actually want to get some more
maths work done this evening then I've
got one lecture tomorrow morning after
my lecture I'm just gonna head straight
to Cambridge train station it's a two
hour and a half journey in total I will
hopefully find the office it's like an
interview and a case study but it's only
two and a half hours long and then I can
leave I say only two and a half hours is
quite a long time like what are they
going to be asking me two and a half
hours why how long's the interview how
long's the case study maybe I'm just not
used to these big interview things I
mean
to be fair that only interviews I've
actually properly done other than my
Cambridge interview is interviews for
part-time jobs like in a coffee shop or
in a shop in the town centre where I
live just like for a Saturday job so I
suppose it's a bit different but I'm
just gonna try my best if nothing comes
out there at least I tried you know so
on Monday I headed off to my interview
I've made a whole separate video on my
internship applications so do check that
out if you're interested in the details
in summary it was a long but exciting
day with lots of travelling so my train
is about to get in I'm really tired
this return journey has been
much longer
the journey out that felt like this is
taking forever
but anyway I've got a cycle back to
college now when I get back to the
station work on my bike I'm slightly
dreading it because I left my helmet
outside
it's been raining today so that probably
wasn't the best idea
hello everyone so I'm now back in
Cambridge I'm in my kitchen I've got
some crumpets in the toaster life is
good right now I'm actually so hungry I
did not realize how hungry I was I've
got a few more bits and pieces to do
this evening a fair bit of work to do
and then I'm considering applying to
some research internships I mean I know
I've been applying to the actuarial ones
but then like I'm still not sure what I
wants to do with my life and I just
don't want a waste of summer doing
something that I don't want to do so
still kind of deciding between like
actuarial stuff and being an academic
and that's all the stuff so I don't know
I thought maybe apply for everything and
then decide I feel like I messed up the
one today anyway but we'll see I suppose
um so I'm just going to apply for some
research ones alongside but I've got to
finish those this evening really because
I've got to get my director of studies
to write me a reference and to be honest
I probably should give him some notice
oh these crumpets are hot we're going to
strike one - I wasn't as productive on
the way back because I got a bit travel
sick like I have such a headache
whenever I'm in a moving vehicle I
always get the worst headache like right
here not looking out the window makes it
worse so I didn't want to do too much
work on the way back but just means I've
got more to do now but anyway I'm gonna
get on with it I'm gonna eat my crumpets
hey everyone
so I'm very very tired now I've barely
done any work this evening
I really just drained from today and
from traveling and I've just about
shaken the headache that I managed to
get on the train on the way back I've
put in another application for a
research internship it's not the best
application I I wish I could have spent
more time on it but honestly I just
don't have that time so we've just gone
with it we'll see if anything comes out
with it probably not but you know at
least I've applied it's better than
nothing you know I'm gonna go to bed now
because I've just found out that I'm
supposed to be cooking or rowing outing
tomorrow morning yeah I'm gonna get to
bed now just so I'm not tired tomorrow
because I've got a lab all day tomorrow
as well oh so much work to do this week
I'm already on the backfoot
and I've got rowing races all week I'm
actually missing the race tomorrow
because I'm stuck in a physics lab all
day
which I cannot miss but I have managed
to move around my other supervisions and
whatnot later in the week so that I am
coaxing on Thursday Friday and Saturday
this week in the braces fitting in
workaround it is just gonna be an
absolute nightmare I've got so much mass
work to do so much physics work to do
there's just not enough hours in the day
honestly the best thing I can do now is
get a good night's sleep Here I am full
of beans in the boathouse in the morning
and I'm going to end this vlog here as
always thank you so so much for watching
please like and subscribe and I'll see
you soon with another video bye
[Music]